Add option to mute Remote Access when not controlling the remote computer (#18630)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

When checked, NVDA will ask for confirmation before disconnecting.
When unchecked, NVDA will disconnect immediately without confirmation.

##### Mute when controlling the local computer {#RemoteMuteOnLocalControl}

This option controls whether you can hear speech and sounds from the remote computer when controlling the local computer.

When checked, Remote Access will be muted when first connecting as the controlling computer, and when switching to controlling the local computer.
When unchecked, Remote Access sessions start unmuted, and must be muted explicitly.

> You can always manually mute or unmute Remote Access when controlling the local computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually mute or unmute Remote Access when controlling the local computer, assign a custom gesture using the [Input Gestures dialog](https://download.nvaccess.org/documentation/userGuide.html#InputGestures).
```
